Update README.md (#315)
dalibo/pg_activity: README.md

`pg_activity` works locally or remotely. In local execution context, to obtain
sufficient rights to display system information, the system user running
`pg_activity` must be the same user running postgresql server (`postgres` by
default), or have more rights like `root`. The PostgreSQL user used to connect
to the database must be super-user in order to get as much data as possible.

> Otherwise, `pg_activity` can fallback to a degraded mode where some data like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, `pg_activity` can fall back to a degraded mode where some data like
```
